# EDRLab's members' website

This repo is the source for [EDRLab's members' online directory website](https://members.edrlab.org/). 

It aims to help with mutual identification and collaboration as well as providing an additional vitrine for our members.

Each organization has a dedicated page where they can showcase their activities and promote their services. Cross categories allow for filtering the members per Activities, Collaborations and Services provided.

Generated by [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/), based on the [Clarity theme](https://github.com/chipzoller/hugo-clarity).

## Member card
Each member card is composed of the following information in YAML format: 
* `title`: the name of the organization, displayed as a title
* `member_url`: URL of the organization's website
* `geographies`: countries where the organization acts. Two letter codes are expected, the global mentions "Worldwide", "Africa", "America", "Asia", "Europe" and "Oceania" are also accepted. *This value is not displayed, we may use it later*
* `based`: countries where the organization's headquarters is based. *This value is not displayed and used only to count the number of countries.*
* `ig`: interest group within the EDRlab collaboration group. For now two values are possible: "LCP" and "Accessibility".
* `crossroads`: other membership organizations or signatory engagements that are common to different members. Values for now are: ["Sustainable Development Goals", "Divina", "Readium", "Daisy Consortium"] 
* `services`: a list of services provided by your organization
* `tags`: Tags are not used for now, might be useful in the future. Leave blank or add any relevant keyword not listed in another field to let us know what other information can be of use to present your organization. 
* `categories`: one or more edrlab's membership categories. Available values are: ["NGOs", "Libraries", "Serving persons with print disabilities", "Publishing", "Technology providers", "Content aggregator", "Service providers", "Academic", "Content distributor", "Ebook distributors", "Libraries", "Membership organizations", "Officio members"]
* `summary`: "A short description of the organization. Around 100 words is a good balance."
* `press`: if a press release or an online article announces or emphasizes your organization's EDRLab membership, the URL can be added here.
* `date`: when did the edrlab membership started? This field is used to sort cards (last members first)
* `featureImage`: a URL to your organization logo. Please consider that the edrlab's members website has a white background.

Additionally to that YAML information, each member can provide a markdown or HTML content that will be displayed 


## categories mapping

By november 2025, we modified categories as follows:
|Now|Was|
|---|---|
|Consulting||
|Publishing|Publishers and publishing groups|
|Production|Provider of publishing services|
|Distribution|Content distributor|
|Aggregation|Content aggregator|
|Hardware||
|Reading Apps|Technology Provider|
|Retail|Retailer / Bookseller|
|Academic Libraries|Libraries|
|Public Libraries|Libraries
|National Libraires|Libraries
|Specialized Libraries|Serving persons with print disabilities, NGOs|
|Accessibility||
|Government Entities|Officio members|
|Trade Organizations|Membership organizations|
